	WHAT IS MYSTVALE?
Mystvale is a nation, with 5 cities, each city has its own environment.
1. Eldenreach – An old capital, towering and weary, with ruins beneath every cobblestone (Purple?)
2. Gravemarch – Border city where the living and the dead hold uneasy truces. Closest to the Capital (Blue/Black)
3. Velwynd – City of winds and glass towers; haunted by voices in the breeze. (Brown)
4. Blackrest – Once a holy site, now a den of rogues and buried secrets. ()
5.


6.Thornmere -  Once a place of healing springs, now surrounded by bramble-choked woods. The Origin of these glows
*(Last Level Middle of Map)*


As the traveller to this land you from far away. In fact you may have amnesia. Unsure of your origin you explore
this world of Mystvale descovering along the way of who you really are. You have flashbacks of screen and 
motor vehicles. Things unknown to this realm. 
Mystvale used to be such a bright cunning place to be. A place Where all 5 cities thrived with tourists and
city lovers. But one day there was an odd mist that overcame each city. Each with its own Glow,
1.Red/Yellow (Hate)
2.Blue/Black (Sadness/Despare)
3.Green (Mutations)
4.Purple (Deceptive)
5.Brown (Ghost town/Scared?)
These cities went into chaos. Each with their own chaotic Motives drive the people mad. With each city
as the Traveller/Hero your job is to investigate, understand and realize why these things have happened
to this once wonderful nation, Mystvale.
With thurough investigation its found that the "Evil Doer" Came with intent to destory this place from the inside.
Create an environment that would change the people of this land to soldiers for his own personal army.
Why? Because he has a plan that is not quite clear until the end of the game (TBD)



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





	LORE:

EVIL DOERS STORY -
When the "Evil Doer" came to Mystvale he desipsed the joy this nation had. 

Undead Lore -
The Evil Doer with his plan to destroy Mystvale and create his army sends Solmyre the False Herald his Undead Mafia Boss to Gravemarch to spread the diseases of the
Undead and to create his army of unwilling. The disease Solmyre the False Herald passes creates hallucinations for these once citizens of Gravemarch,
making them believe they are still beautiful humanoids. These hallucinations make the undead see normal humanoids as creaters and foes, While to
the normal Humanoid these Undead seem to act strange, but to them their completely normal.